[Pages] Framework Guides style guide review (#1954)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/pages/src/content/framework-guides/deploy-a-vue-application.md

# Deploy a Vue application

Vue is a progressive JavaScript framework for building user interfaces. A core principle of Vue is incremental adoption: this makes it easy to build Vue applications that live side-by-side with your existing code.

> In this guide, you will create a new Vue application and deploy it using Cloudflare Pages. You will be using `vue-cli`, a batteries-included tool for generating new Vue applications.

Author: ```suggestion
In this guide, you will create a new Vue application and deploy it using Cloudflare Pages. You will use `vue-cli`, a batteries-included tool for generating new Vue applications.
```

</TableLayout>

After configuring your site, you can begin your first deploy. You should see Cloudflare Pages installing `vue`, your project dependencies, and building your site, before deploying it.

<Aside type="note">

> For the complete guide to deploying your first site to Cloudflare Pages, refer to [the Get started guide](/get-started).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the complete guide to deploying your first site to Cloudflare Pages, refer to the [Get started guide](/get-started).
```

</Aside>

After deploying your site, you will receive a unique subdomain for your project on `*.pages.dev`. 
Every time you commit new code to your Vue application, Cloudflare Pages will automatically rebuild your project and deploy it. You will also get access to [preview deployments](/platform/preview-deployments) on new pull requests, so you can preview how changes look to your site before deploying them to production.

## Learn more

> By completing this guide, you have successfully deployed your Vue site to Cloudflare Pages. To get started with other frameworks, [refer to the list of Framework guides](/framework-guides).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By completing this guide, you have successfully deployed your Vue site to Cloudflare Pages. To get started with other frameworks, refer to our other [framework guides](/framework-guides).
```
